would you like to come closer to enjoy
the view oh by the way I'm a meal I'm a
local as I assigned in the IPTV lap of X
and Philippines with me are two local
sites as well Gary and Shirley and today
we are going to walk you through how we
do I dig in the direction i am sure you
about the rift about IPTV already and as
you can see there are several gadgets in
front of you not to mention remote
controls so I shall we start for my part
I'm going to
IPTV in standard definition and in high
definition for standard definition I am
going to use this cute little guy here
let me know I mean at 110 setup box
which handles SD it's what is currently
on the screen and here is an example sv
as you might know this is very
reminiscent of what me you see this year
if you like this
and if you look closer it's me so
a few seconds sir
that's the standard definition is that
education is what is I think I think we
have SP in the hunting how do you define
standard definition standard definition
is an NTSC 525 lines is what we wash on
a normal CRT TV okay because if this is
a LCD panel you can see this is the but
this one here says put an ad that's nadp
but most of the stuff of high definition
is 720p 720 progressive so that's the
lower end of hide there now if you ask
me the question can your eyes tell the
difference between 720p and 1080p on a
40 inch set you cannot tell the
difference spending 10 feet away because
you don't watch high-definition so close
you actually need to Washington to talk
in our we're sitting on a sofa to enjoy
four screens bigger than 46 inches this
is from the professionals will be
investing TVs for the last 15 years and
I spoken to that it is greater than for
the 6 inch LCD entertaining people max a
lot of science the highest
so so standard definition looks quite
noisy on an alc be the reason or cite
standard definition come from analogue
background and because the definition is
lower and the english definition is
greater this is the same reason why when
you stream some videos and it looks very
terrible on a condom on a computer
screen this computer screen is designed
for digital input not gonna transfer
that Hancock but it's not so bad because
this be me most of the TV say then you
buy their Piper this move about it
so it doesn't look that bad we spent 600
feet away and so there you have it
standard definition now let me introduce
you to this guy the handsome stb which
handles high-definition recoges
there is some nice this is dennie yeah
this is really high definition
another thing is i think this we have
this what we call the EPG that the
planning programming guided it is this
part of the screen as you can see i get
there are several choices here channels
and beams beauty
it's like an online display while you
can watch what you have in your service
you just said the boxes are were
designed by ericsson no no this are
these are all commodity set-top boxes we
got this one from china isn't from
korean they were from i want now settle
box market we know very well because it
is there are 300 manufacturers on and
you know very commodity in a way they
all relatively low price i would say
this one is a medium to low price anyone
is a higher price one and we have a HP a
very low cost enterprise-class
mainly because for high-definition the
hard way is more expensive on the set of
months in high definition it is still
relatively cheap and anything if you
look at the price of high-definition TV
is more than a thousand US dollars so
the set of Bach is about two min 100 to
200 dollars so it is it is a small
amount compared to the price of the TV
set